# EVENT LOG // ENTRY #000-1, EN-ROUTE TO COMMANDER CENTER

At 03:30, January 18th, 499ay / 5014u, all five members of **DoJ/HR Union Auxillary Unit A42** (hereafter refered to as Unit A42) rendezvoused at the Atlas Line, Ouanoukrim Blink Station. Despite the late arrivals of **“Carolina”** and **“Strideshaker”**, along with **“Vixie”** and **"BARON”** causing issues for the unit with their belongings. **Unit-A42** successfully made the transfer from Atlas-Ouanoukrim to local station Oriel-2 within an acceptable timeframe.

Aboard Oriel-2, **Unit A42** made contact with DoJ/HR Liaison, Pilot, and acting commanding officer of Unit A42 **“Yano”**.

**“Yano”** was moderately hungover and unprofessional at time of contact.

After ensuring **“Yano”**’s ship, the **Winghead** was up to Union standards (Albeit, by a narrow margin.), Unit A42 has boarded and began the voyage to their destination. ETA is Mid-Late March, with subjective travel time being close to one week.

# EVENT LOG // ENTRY #000-2, EN-ROUTE TO HERCYNIA

Following new orders transmitted to **Unit A42** from the local Union Administrator, the **Winghead**’s flight path was redirected mid-route from the Union-designated command center. 

**Unit A42**′s new destination is **Hercynia**, a lush green planet currently owned by **Landmark Colonial**, an **SSC** subsidiary. We are to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground to learn more of the situation. The planet is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but evidence is unclear.

**Hycernia** was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. Upon approach the **Winghead**’s systems picked up an extremely high amount of “noise” ( Radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, etc etc)  around the planet, **”Carolina”** enthusiastically has begun decrypting these signals.

# EVENT LOG // ENTRY #000-3, ON THE GROUND

Upon touching ground on **Hercynia** outside of **Landmark Colonial**’s settlement, **Unit A42** was greeted by a small group of local militia, lead by their commander **Brava Hadura**. Initial contact was short, as Brava quickly confirmed the group’s identities and informed the unit of an active sniper in the area.

Out of caution, the call was made to temporarily move the "Winghead" into orbit above **Hercynia** for the time being, **NECO**-class NHP will ensure the safety of the ship.

The ground party continued quickly and quietly through the dense jungle to **Landmark Colonial**’s settlement, **Evergreen**.

A single shot from the active sniper was fired at Unit A42, narrowly missing pilot **”Strideshaker”**, fortunately there were no injuries or causalities.

# Addendum:
*Corrections have been made to this document regarding the name of Unit A42's ship, the Winghead, erronously referred to as the Windhead. Apologies to Liason Yano.* - J.L.
