Neo Natalia is a mining colony built into the side of 503 Hekker II, a massive asteroid floating around space near Cerro Gordo on the Sierra Madre Line. Built in 4444u, the humble outpost has grown to a population of 8,000 with over 60% employed in the extraction of valuable mexite from the rocky chunk. Luna Bradford is a third-generation mechanic who grew up within the confines of the space station until she was old enough to torque a wrench for the Blackwell Mining Consortium. At age 16 she was fully employed in her father's department and responsible for maintenance on the various mechs and loaders that moved resources. By age 21, she had developed a keen eye for tuning and began finding places on machines where she could improve their performance. As a result, her father's department posted a number of record quarters in succession.

This is a huge mistake when you are not in a union.

Luna's employers saw the increased profits borne of those improvements as their right, and not a victory born through hard labor and years of experience. The victory became the norm, and soon the norm became a failing grade. Even as she shared her teachings in the years that followed, they were only a handful of the workers who were assisting a workforce of thousands, and besides -- Hekker II in the 5000s was not the bountiful Hekker II of the 4400s. 600 years and a generational labor boom had drawn out most of the asteroid's resources, and the big numbers had only been sustained by hiring more workers to work longer hours digging out smaller and smaller heaps of mexite. Luna knew none of this - she only saw the effect it had on her coworkers, on her friends, and on her father most of all.

The unsustainable environment continued for years, as it does, until two weeks after Luna's 27th birthday. A Blackwell shuttle landed in the morning, and by lunch the word was out: mandatory 13-hour days for a quarter, at which point the executive dashboard should be "green," whatever the hell that meant anymore. The amount they wanted for the quarter would have probably disjointed the whole damn rock, to say nothing of the physical cost on thousands of workers. It didn't matter. The Consortium had made the decision to back their demands up by sending some Head Executive in person, who spoke very nicely and loudly about the need for a morale upswing from the workers who haven't had enough for years.

Luna heard the first explosions from her garage as she was scrubbing down a mining mech. Quickly rushing to the balcony of her workshop to investigate, she witnessed her first skirmish. A number of miner mechs had seemingly been repurposed for combat, and they were fighting, badly, against a small army of mechs bearing the Blackwell insignia -- more than could have been on that shuttle. Luna had suddenly realized what the future of Neo Natalia looked like, and she decided to find her father and get out of that space station. Unfortunately, her father was already dead on the frontlines of a skirmish with a gun in hand. Luna found his body by way of his locator, attached to a bracelet that was the closest thing she'd get to an heirloom. She took it with her on her way to the spaceport, only able to briefly mourn in the space between steps.

The spaceport was under fire, with the Blackwell shuttle as a focal point for the rioting miners. While Luna was trying to force a powered door shut, a fuse exploded, burning the right side of her face, searing her eye, and tearing most of the muscles in her right arm. Half-blind and dazed, she was barely conscious by the time she staggered into the first shuttle she found, and the console pattern was familiar enough to launching a mech that confirming the shuttle's launch capabilities took not long despite her injuries. Once she managed to close the cockpit, the screen changed to an unfamiliar configuration, showing other nearby stations on other nearby orbs. Unable to see and only seeking to buy time, Luna hit "Launch" and stumbled out of the seat to find the ship's first aid supplements.

Now 28, Luna has joined Union with her GMS EVEREST using a mixture of conventional weaponry and mining equipment that was loaded on the shuttle she stole. In the ensuing year she received eye and muscle augments to supplement her damaged organs, and this has given her an eagle eye on and off the battlefield. She hopes to bring a more equitable world to as many worlds as possible, because she knows what the costs and consequences of exploitation are.

